=head1 NAME

steamroller - An AUR helper that creates a local repo from which pacman
installs packages.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<steamroller> S<-S package name ...>

B<steamroller> S<-Su>

B<steamroller> S<-Si package name>

B<steamroller> S<-Ss search term>

B<steamroller> S<-U path/to/taurball.tar.gz>

B<steamroller> S<-R [-n] package name ...>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Steamroller is an AUR helper that places built packages into a local repo
where L<pacman(8)> can install from.  Steamroller is designed to have similar
syntax to pacman.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item -S, --sync

Synchronise specified package list from AUR, resolving AUR dependencies, and
add the built packages to the local repo.

=item -u, --update

When passed with -S, check the AUR for updates to packages in the local repo
and build them.

=item -i, --info

When passed with -S, display info about an AUR package.

=item -s, --search

When passed with -S, perform a search of the AUR for the string provided.

=item -c, --clean

When passed with -S, clean old packages from the repo directory.

=item -U, --upgrade

Build packages from specified taurballs and add them to the local repo.

=item -R, --remove

Remove packages specified from the local repo.

=item -n, --no-save

Delete all package files for specified packages when passed with -R.

=item -q, --quiet

Suppress some messages during operation.  Currently only makes -Ss output
display only the package names.

=back

=head1 FILES

=over 4

=item F</etc/steamroller.conf>

The system-wide configuration file.

=item F<~/.steamroller.conf>

Per-user configuration file.

=back

=head1 BUGS

Report bugs at http://github.com/Bolts/steamroller/issues 

=head1 AUTHORS

Joseph R. Nosie <bolts at archlinux dot us>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<pacman(8)>,
L<makepkg(8)>

